Introduction------------BrokerAQ.com provides open source friendly trading services, based on the ActiveQuant trading framework. BrokerAQ partners with selected FX and CFD dealers. BrokerAQ is all about automated trading in a programmer friendly environment. Users may register an infinite number of demo accounts to test their algorithms and work with the trading platform. This Python library is the Open Source client side for BrokerAQ. It provides all necessary functions and tools to trade through BrokerAQ and to retrieve realtime and historical prices from BrokerAQ. Preconditions-------------* You'll need a valid demo account from http://www.brokeraq.com * This library has been developed with Python 2.7.3. A note for Windows users- We suggest you use Python(x,y) to run these samples. - Python(x,y) is available from http://code.google.com/p/pythonxy/wiki/Downloads?tm=2- In Windows, to install the requirements, open an "IPython (sh)" command line, there you can use pip. Requirements and recommended libraries--------------------------------------* g00g13's Protobuf library is required. It can be installed through pip from your command line: "pip install protobuf"* The Pandas library for scientific python is required. Installable via: "pip install pandas"* For straight forward instant messaging (f.e. to forward trading signals for manual execution), sleekxmpp has been leveraged. Installable via "pip install sleekxmpp". Examples & Documentation------------------------Have a look at ex_login.py and ex_order.py for example programs. Troubleshooting---------------* In case Pandas doesn't want to install via pip, try to install it from source like this: "pip install pip install git+git://github.com/pydata/pandas.git"